Updates to docs and readmes (#1876)
rrweb-io/rrweb: docs/recipes/plugin-api.md

# Available plugins

- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-console-record](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-console-record): A plugin for recording console logs.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-console-replay](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-console-replay): A plugin for replaying console logs.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-sequential-id-record](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-sequential-id-record): A plugin for recording sequential IDs.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-sequential-id-replay](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-sequential-id-replay): A plugin for replaying sequential IDs.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-canvas-webrtc-record](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-canvas-webrtc-record): A plugin for stream `<canvas>` via WebRTC.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-canvas-webrtc-replay](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-canvas-webrtc-replay): A plugin for playing streamed `<canvas>` via WebRTC.
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-network-record](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-network-record): A plugin for recording network requests (xhr/fetch).
- [@rrweb/rrweb-plugin-network-replay](packages/plugins/rrweb-plugin-network-replay): A plugin for replaying network requests (xhr/fetch).

## Interface

> Same to with other functionality in rrweb, a plugin can implement record or replay or both features.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
Consistent with other functionality in rrweb, a plugin can implement record or replay or both features.
```
